# Advance Coupon Module

The Advance Coupon module is compatible with Drupal 8 and above upgraded
versions and this module  provides additional functionality for managing
coupons and promotions on a Drupal site.
The module requires the following dependencies: commerce, 
commerce_promotion, and fields.   
A custom field in user  profile named "Marketer  Coupon & Percentage",
which is installed automatically with the module.
Two custom views named "Assigned Coupon To Marketers" and "Marketers Coupon",
which are installed automatically with the module.

# Installation
 
1. Download and install the dependencies: commerce.

2. Download the Advance Coupon module and place it in your Drupal site's
modules directory.

3. Enable the Advance Coupon module in the Drupal admin panel.

4. The contrib field and views will be automatically installed and available
for use.

# Usage

Steps for Assigning Coupon Codes To Marketers:

Step 1: Once the Advance Coupon module is installed and enabled, we can visit
        the assigned Coupons link dispalyed in Commerce configuration.
        Form location:  Admin > Commerce > form
        Direct Access link : admin/assigned-coupons-to-marketer
   
Step 2: In assign coupons to marketer page, click on Assign Coupons to Marketer
        page fill out the form with the necessary information: coupon code,
        user name and profit percentage.

Step 3: Admin can view all the assigned coupons to marketers.

Step 4: To remove a coupon code from a user's "Marketer's Coupon & Percentage" 
        field, click the corresponding remove button in this view.

Steps To allow users to view their coupon codes:

Step 1: To allow users to view their coupon codes and other information
        admin needs to enable permission of View promotions for authenticated
        users.

        Permission path: Admin > People > Permissions > View promotions

Steps for Marketers to view their Coupons & Profit:

Step 1: Logged in user can access View Coupon link in user's profile tab.

Step 2: In this tab user can view their assigned coupon codes, also sales 
        and profit generated by using these coupon code.


# Uninsttall

Step 1: To uninstall admin has to remove Marketer's Coupon & Percentage field
        Field Location:
        Admin > Confguration > People > Account settings >Manage fields
